[Music]
one here at the golden Guardians moving
day with high himself
hi you are the the long-standing veteran
here among players that have been around
for maybe a couple years in some cases
never been in the LCS how did you end up
on golden Guardians and sort of what's
your take on the roster and all this
kind of stuff right so I'm pretty
excited I have half a decade and every
other player on my team none of them
went to college like not even for like a
year not even half a semester anything
little I went there so I'm really
excited to be working with a bunch of
new players that are hungry to improve
hungry to work as a team and hungry to
you know make a name for themself right
because all of them have been like
around and like the most notable one
outside of like myself I guess would be
your contracts but they all want to like
you know like hey I'm a good player I'm
a good teammate and I'm here to make a
name for myself and show everyone that
you know that we can compete against the
best and while we have a long way to go
I believe that what the players that we
have we can definitely get there and how
did you why did you sign it on on golden
Guardians during the offseason why did I
what why did you decide to join golden
Guardians right well first off you know
there's only so many teams that I can't
join just because people are have
rosters like you know like ESI buddy has
buries it alike right so there's a
limited options of what team you can
join and for the ones that were
available I personally like the entire
atmosphere environment work staff
players and they're under general mantra
of what they had in mind I really
support the idea of instead of just
picking you know the best imports the
best all-stars and put them all together
and hope that they'll work out I'd
rather you know build something that's
sustainable for the long term get a
bunch of new guys in hungry to work
together young and motivated to you know
be team players because at the end of
the day the teams are winning worlds
League of Legends na LCS whatever are
the teams that aren't necessarily the
best in each role but the team that puts
all the pieces together and then
plays it best that way and I believe
that's something that we'll be able to
do yeah I mean I what's interesting to
me about your involvement with this
roster is it kind of reminds me of the
old school cloud9
roster when you guys joined the LCS
because you had all these big names like
I don't know
doublelift and Reggie and hotshot and
all these guys but I think for a lot of
people the cloud nine players you know
the Quantic players were not as well
known so it does it at all harken back
to kind of like the early days of your
career joining this team right so back
then League was very you know if you
were known or good you're kind of like
in the incircle kind of you know that's
why so G was the team that there were
TSM was the team that they were and for
anyone that was new coming in you kind
of had to like prove to everyone that
like you know you're good enough to play
the game cuz it's hard back then is very
I don't know the term Ripper very
cliquey I guess back in the day and now
it's not the same anymore as far as
click disk goes but you know we're
definitely not necessary new kids on the
block well we're the underdogs or people
that don't have expectations for
themselves like other people don't
expect us to do much so going into that
that's great you know I
we have no pressure to perform at some
level of like you know a world talk to
your class team yet can we get there yes
do we want to be there yes it was gonna
take that yes well it's exciting to be
able to start fresh with you know new
people to show everyone that everyone on
this roster is good I I think that no
one doubts your ability to shock Hall
but I will say there are members in the
community that feel like you might be
past your prime mechanically or that you
can't keep up with like that Jenson's
and the björk sins of the world do you
think that's a fair assessment and and
you know what would you say to people
who view that you view you that way
right well I would say first off they
are allowed to have whatever opinion
they have of me obviously I have my own
if I wasn't a good player I probably
wouldn't want to play I don't feel like
I'd be a very competitive player or
someone that people would want to work
with if I wouldn't be able to you know
hold my own or even beat them or
whatever right so I would make an
argument that it's possible that they
are about it mechanically especially in
certain champions are than others or
just in general
for sure but once again League of
Legends is more of a game than just you
know a my bear that you'd mechanically
it's not like csgo where like I have to
shoot you in the head before you shoot
me right like there's different things
you can do to make you win the game and
as far as like the strict point a micro
play sure that can be better at at
serving certain phases or in certain
champions well I'd like to say that I
have my own strengths and hopefully
that's enough to you know warrant any
failures I would have whether it be a
micro back or whatever if those are even
present that's a fair assessment finally
since we are here on the golden
Guardians move-in day what is it like
for you checking out the house and
moving in here also are you gonna be
living here full-time because I know
that in the past you you haven't always
lived on team houses so what's kind of
your status and what do you think of
this place so I believe I could say this
but this is the old immortals house I'm
pretty sure I can say that it's out the
story's out I've been here before
actually this place is freaking massive
man it's like an exorbitant of money per
month it has a guest house on the back
it's best ever the master bedroom has
two showers and that two walk-in closets
two toilets two sinks and it's just the
biggest thing ever I'm not saying that
it's gonna say is that you're like
you're like it's great that's too big
for me I like I don't need that much
space like I don't have that many
clothes right I'm like what am I gonna
do in the second shower if I'm in one
shower they come on like a shower both
at the same time that's just inefficient
so anyway I'm excited to be here we
still have a lot to do I don't know if
you're gonna walk around the house or
anything like that but clearly that's
nothing here yeah I kind of want to get
rid of this table you know like all the
immortal stuff you know get it out of
this house although if we can like you
know take their record and like the
score of like Wonderworld something cool
so like I'll keep the mantra their skill
but all the physical stuff
no thank you you see this is one of the
few pieces of furniture in here right
now getting rid of this I feel like
might not be the best idea but but I
mean are you gonna be living here
full-time well the game plan is so I
believe every LCS team is gonna take
Monday off LCS is on Saturday and Sunday
so for the days that we practice you
know Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday I
should be staying
there the night before so I'll be there
like four nights a week or something
like that and then for the weekend the
game plan is for me to commute from home
to work to try and start a catalyst
movement of getting or phasing gaming
houses out I'd like to believe you know
like a year from now like two years from
now whenever that gaming houses are like
a relic of the past and most players
will live on their own or as roommates
elsewhere and then commute to work at an
office because I believe and feel like
that builds a healthier environment for
everyone involved yeah it's kind of this
inertia right now keeping everybody and
gaming houses anything you want to say
to any of the high fans out there or
maybe the perspective going Guardians
fans right well first off thank you for
interviewing me I appreciate that as
always second I hope everyone cheers on
all my new teammates didn't you team I'm
going to be on I'm excited to be a
golden Guardian and look forward to us
doing what we do hopefully it's enough
to prove you guys that we are good
looking forward to seeing what you can
manage to pull off next year and for
everyone else you can check out the rest
of my coverage of all things eSports
right here on my youtube channel a lot
of people ask me whenever I said that
other thing about doublelift charging me
$5,000 for an interview if that was real
no it was an obvious joke he charters me
$10,000 an interview please please help
me out
Travis Capcom / support